Would there be any limitation legally on
Robinhood setting up a live stream of a
giant roulette wheel and having people
make futures event contracts on whether
it's red or black?
Yeah, I mean currently our policy has
been to uh
have them be backed by real events. So,
we we don't want to do like
derivative We haven't done any
derivative prediction markets and
there's there's different forms of that
as well like um
you have like prediction markets and
then you have a prediction market on how
this prediction market is is going to
go. So
>> So So like for example, Polymarket
had a uh
market where it was the coin toss at the
Super Bowl. You could bet on heads or
tails and it was trading at 50% Yeah.
>> before the toss then it went to 100%.
>> much like gambling, right?
>> Well, like why even bother having the
Super Bowl at that point if people are
willing to like bet money on a coin
toss? Why not I just have a continuous
coin toss Why Why you Just forget the
Super Bowl. Just have a coin tossing
machine and let people trade on it. Is
there like
Is there anything actually like stopping
you from doing that?
Um I'm I'm not sure. Um
Yeah, I mean I'd I'd have to look into
that. We don't offer any of those
contracts. I personally, you know, I'm a
former trader probably wouldn't trade
those.
>> [music]
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Joe
Weisenthal. And I'm Tracy Alloway.
[music] Tracy, I think I've mentioned it
before but an idea that I've had for
podcast in general, maybe this one one
day, other podcast, I want to do
everything in two parts. Oh, yes. Yeah.
Interview the guest because sometimes
it's like all of the questions I want to
ask are only after I've talked to a
guest for an hour and have some better
understanding of the situation. So, I
want to interview the guest,
think about it for a few days, let the
listeners uh listen to it and have their
questions, and then it's like, "Okay,
you know, we've thought about it for a
few days, come back. Also, our listeners
want to know about this." And then have
the second part of the conversation,
just like a follow-up. I want to like
formalize it. I want to do that more.
>> I think it's a good idea. It's also just
a flywheel of content, really.
>> It's a flywheel of content. It'll be
never-ending that way. Yeah, I think
that It's good job security. Anyway, we
did an episode last year that um was
great, but it also provoked uh a lot of
questions. I would just say like jump
right into it. So, we did an episode
last year with Vlad Tenev, the
co-founder and CEO of Robinhood, and
that was about the company's
tokenization efforts. So, basically, his
ability to create instruments that would
allow users to actually trade uh shares,
not shares, I guess, but you know, quasi
equity or equity-linked instruments in
private companies, like, you know, an
open AI or something like that. Um and
then after that came out, a bunch of
people, including the company itself,
were There's a lot of reaction.
>> They were like, "What the heck? We did
Since when did You know, these private
companies, they're like, "Since when the
heck did like we authorize our equity to
be traded like this?" There were all
kinds of stuff. I didn't even like
really think about that aspect of the
time, so it's like, I wanted to know
more. I think there's a lot to talk
about here. So, I mean, it does feel
like the I I guess the trajectory of
history right now is marching towards
tokenizing everything and just allowing
markets in everything, right?
>> And everything in every form, yeah. From
like kind of quasi derivatives to
one-off event bets, like, that just
feels like the trend at the moment. But
at the same time, there are so many
interesting questions that this actually
raises, not least of which is the safety
aspect, and how much of our lives are
just going to be watching lines going up
or down and making bets on them.
Uh absolutely right. You know, like with
the prediction markets, and you know,
something I've been thinking about with
prediction markets is you can replicate
equity through that, right? Because you
could just have like prediction markets
on, "Will Tesla go up 1% today? Will go
up 2%?" You could just read
You can recreate all of these
instruments in all these different
formats. So, it definitely feels like a
jump ball, especially with a very sort
of liberal regulatory environment.
Anyway,
I'm very excited to say we're going to
get a chance to do the second half of
that conversation that came out last
July. So, we are rejoined once again by
Vlad Tenev, co-founder and CEO of
Robinhood. So, Vlad, thanks for coming
back on Out Lot. I'm happy to be here
again. And I think from the guest
perspective, I'd also like this if there
was an opportunity to replace any of my
answers from part one [laughter] with
better Now that I know the questions.
You can't replace them. That's going to
The first one is going to live on
forever. But
>> interviewer-friendly
format that you created. That's right.
Of course we did. Well, let's talk about
that cuz like we did that episode where
you talked about these tokenization
efforts. And I was I don't know why I
didn't even think like are the companies
whose private shares are being tokenized
are being cool with this? But apparently
they weren't. What's going on with that?
What happened with that? Because it does
seem weird to be able to offer
instruments of privately traded
companies when the companies themselves
like just to be clear, this is not this
is not us.
Yeah, and you know, they um
I I think there was various degrees of
disavowal. I think a lot of these
companies are very concerned about their
reputations. And if they don't
understand something, they don't have
time to to dig into it, they'll just
say, "We had nothing to do with this."
Um which I think is fair. I think you
talk to these AI companies and they they
all kind of say the same thing, which
is, "Yeah, we'd love our our company to
allow retail investors exposure, right?
And and we think that would be better
for the world." Ev- everyone generally
agrees with this. But when you get down
to the details of what that entails and
it is a new thing. Not a lot of
companies are doing it. Um nobody really
wants to be the first and no one wants
to mess with the status quo. And and
from their perspective, they want to
focus on running their business,
increasing their revenues, and this is
sort of ancillary.
But for us, it is our business. Our
business is all about helping the retail
investor, making sure they have all the
advantages that institutions have. And
so, um,
it's it's very very important. So, we've
we've continued on this journey.
Obviously, the Open AI and SpaceX stock
token giveaways in Europe were kind of
step one.
Uh, but but it's evolved. Like we're
continuing to pursue that overseas. But
of course, we want to find a US solution
for US customers as well. And actually
this week we are taking public uh,
Robinhood Ventures Fund I, RVI, on the
NYSE, which is a closed-end fund. So,
you can think of it as a venture capital
firm that we're taking public. We raised
capital from retail investors and some
institutional as well.
And we use that capital to invest in
private companies, which we've already
invested in in in quite a few. These are
things that traditionally would be
limited to accredited investors, right?
>> it's non-accredited vehicle and also no
carry. Hm. So, so actually one of the
things we've been hearing is from a
perspective of an LP that invests in
venture capital firms and has to give up
that performance fee to the manager, uh,
this this is this is a disruptive
vehicle. Uh, and and for all of the
Robinhood Ventures portfolio companies,
and these are companies like Databricks,
Aura, Revolut. I think I have to go
through all of them cuz I don't want to
pick out a particular thing.
Uh, Boom Supersonic.
>> Oh, yeah, we had their CEO on. Yeah, uh,
Mercor,
um,
and Stripe, uh, which we've signed and
and not closed, uh, and I'm probably
forgetting some. But, uh,
yeah, these are all companies that
are excited to have Robinhood and retail
be a part of the picture and they filmed
videos explaining why they chose to be
to be part of this. So, there are people
that want to be the first. And of
course, this is a a different product
than tokenization of an individual name.
And and so,
it's like a little bit more palatable to
most of these companies. But, I I think
it ends up in the same place. I think
there's going to be a gradual
acclimatization to retail access to
these companies.
Um and, you know, Robinhood is going to
be leading the way across all aspects of
this journey. But, you know, our our
approach to it has has evolved a little
bit. You know, now we're at the point
where we're actually surprised how many
companies are interested in it and are
engaging and view it as a
differentiator. So, I think at least for
a bit, we're we're going to we're going
to be less less aggressive um than we've
been in the past and just get into these
companies and make sure they want to
they want to be part of what we're doing
willingly and openly.
I definitely have a lot of questions on
the venture fund in particular and you
promised to to answer all of our our
geekiest questions about like the
technical structure of how it works.
But, before we go any further, I have
one conceptual question, which is when
you think about the difference between,
I guess, investing, trading, and
gambling, how would you differentiate
those three activities? Cuz I think a
lot of the tension that arises from
something like tokenizing stocks is this
idea that like oh, you know, when you
buy a stock, you're buying equity. The
clue's in the name, right? You're buying
equity in the company and that's
supposed to come with certain rights. Um
it's supposed to lead to a virtuous
circle of, you know, the investors
putting capital in the company and the
company talking back to its investors.
And so, I think if we just step back for
a second and talk about how you see the
differences between those three
activities, that would be really
helpful.
Yeah, um I think that the difference
between investing and trading is really
one of velocity. I think the mindset of
uh someone and by the way, it's not
always different people. It could also
be different activities within one
person. So in in in fact, we have a lot
of customers who have multiple accounts
that they have for different purposes.
So investing to me is the mental model
is I'm buying something and I never
intend to sell it.
>> Mhm. Right?
>> Longer term. Uh so so it's sort of like
uh accumulating assets and you intend to
to to have them only grow. And of
course, maybe you'll sell it if you
actually need the money, but the intent
is always I'm holding on to this and I'm
I'm building like a monotonically
increasing portfolio.
Uh trading uh is I'm going to move in
and out because I see an opportunity.
And that opportunity might not exist in
one day or
3 months, but there's like a very
particular thesis that I have that's
time-bound and systematic.
And uh
I think I think gambling is um
I think gambling is like um
uh mostly emotional driven. Like maybe I
really like this team, right? And
they're my my local team, so I'll just,
you know,
put put some for entertainment purpose
behind it.
On tokenization specifically, just to go
back to this question, you mentioned
that you're through the regulatory
environment or you're able to move a
little bit more aggressively in Europe
than the US. But setting aside Europe or
US,
if someone buys something that on the
Robinhood platform is called an Open AI
token, yeah, what are they getting? Is
it Is there Do you have equity that has
been like backing it? Is it a sort of
swap where the only thing backing it is
your promise to like redeem the token at
some price. Like what does the what what
is the token? Yeah, so all of the tokens
that we have offered in Europe including
the SpaceX and OpenAI
giveaways. So those haven't been
unlocked for trading. It's basically
just we gave our customers a gift that
they they hold in their accounts.
And and that's because
or actually private markets even in
Europe for tokenization or sort of like
working through since we're the first to
do this at least that I'm aware of we're
working with the regulators to
make sure that when we unlock those for
trading the product is safe and
is sort of like meets all of the answers
all of the questions and meets all of
the requirements for making sure
customers are clear on how it works. So
the intent is for that to happen later
this year. So we're we're working on it
but as of now private stock tokens
aren't tradeable. They're just they're
just gifts.
And all stock tokens are backed by
underlying equity or like equity
equivalent position in
for example OpenAI doesn't have
traditional equity because it's
>> Okay, but there is just to be clear
someone acquired some equity at some
point in a in a VC round or whatever it
is and when someone buys an OpenAI token
that exist that that link exist to an
actual asset that someone has. With the
caveat that nobody's buying the OpenAI
token through Robinhood currently. It's
just been gifted.
>> Okay, so someone holds a OpenAI token
they've they've been gifted but those
are backed
>> holder doesn't have the equity. It's in
the like special purpose vehicle I
assume. So yeah, technically the way
this works is um
it it's kind of similar to a stablecoin.
Yeah. So, you have your bag of
traditional assets that are governed by
traditional rules and legal covenants
and whatnot here, and then you mint and
burn tokens against that. Um but yeah,
as of now in Europe, uh it's it's a
derivative uh derivative product. And
that's also subject to change. You you
can think of this as kind of the
paperwork around the technology. The
technology is the same. Uh but but we
have been hearing from customers that
hey, they're a little bit concerned, you
know, with traditional stocks in the
event of bankruptcy of of Robinhood or
something, it's it's very clear what
happens. Yeah. Um and so, in in V1, I
think a lot of those questions were
ambiguous, but since then, we've
continued working and we're we're going
to have a V2 and eventually a phase
three of this offering where uh we we
believe we'll have a path to actually
addressing all those concerns. So, now
now you're at the point where if you buy
something that's tokenized,
maybe it's a little clunky and it is
slightly worse uh
as a product than if you have the
traditional uh equity,
right? If you have access to that. Some
people don't have access to it, so it's
actually much better for them.
But I think you're going to get to the
point within the next year where it's
it's superior in all practical ways, and
I think that's where things really start
to get interesting. And just on the
ventures fund, I know you said it was a
closed-end fund, but is that like a 40
act thing or
40 act? Okay.
The other thing I'm thinking when I hear
all of this is, you know, I I find
financial engineering interesting, and
it certainly gives us a lot to talk
about, but on the other hand, it seems
like so much work. Would it not just be
simpler to try to lobby for the
accredited investor rules to actually be
changed? Like, how are you making the
decisions to we're we're to create all
these new products, which I assume are a
lot of work for you guys, take a lot of
discussion with the regulators versus
just lobbying for these old rules to
actually get overhauled. Yeah, I think
we're doing that as well. I think the
accredited investor rule um
needs to go, frankly. It doesn't make
any sense. Um
but I don't think that answers all of
the problems that people have with
private market investing. The other
problem is just liquidity. Like I don't
I don't
even myself, right, who has access to
these things, um I don't want to have my
my capital locked up for 10 years,
possibly more, uh for for these
companies to go public. And some of them
might never go public, right? So,
there's a liquidity. There's also just
access. And I mean, Robinhood, part of
what we're doing here is we're out there
hustling, getting into these deals cuz
I'm in Silicon Valley, our team is
there, unlike most of these financial
companies that are here in New York. So,
we happen to kind of be in the epicenter
where the deals are getting done, where
the companies are based. Uh the no
carry, uh obviously, and uh the
accreditation, you know, if we could
solve that through other ways,
uh that will become interesting, but uh
you know, Chair- Chairman Atkins of the
SEC actually specifically called out
closed-end funds as
the preferred vehicle for having access
to privates. So,
you know, we're we're we're doing our
part working with the regulators to try
to open this up. I think they agree that
it's um
uh
it it's a problem. And you know, I don't
think that it's going to be the end
state necessarily. I think this thing
will evolve, but uh we want to serve
customers and and work with regulators
at all stages of it. So,
um and and you know, you do this once,
the fact that it's hard is also kind of
attractive because it makes it so that
or unique. Like we figure it out. We we
have
uh qualities that we can bring to bear
that not all of our competitors can. For
example, you really needed to have
uh both sides. You need retail to
actually be on the platform and to be
serving customers who are interested in
in these products. You also need to get
the supply. And I think Robinhood is
somewhat unique in being able to
actually boot do both of these things
simultaneously. And then we figure it
out once and then we turn the crank. So,
you know, you notice we named it RVI
Robinhood Fund 1. Uh we do anticipate
there will be other funds. We already
have lots of ideas of of of unique
products we can offer. So, it's really
just the first step. So, you mentioned
being in Silicon Valley and being able
to source these deals. And this is the
other thing I wanted to ask you because
getting into a private a hot private
tech company at the moment seems
incredibly competitive. And Joe and I we
go out and we talk to a lot of venture
capital funds. Yeah.
>> give us the same pitch, which is well,
we're different. We build long-term
relationships with our investments. How
is Robinhood actually competing in that
space and what I guess differentiates
you from a sort of classic VC? Yeah, I
mean, a a big one is we can say that
there's no carry on these funds. And
what that means is it's just the more uh
we believe a more investor-friendly
vehicle, right? Typical venture capital
firm will charge the management fee.
There's also carry on top, which means
every dollar past our hurdle rate uh 20%
of that goes goes back to the fund
manager. So, it's more investor-friendly
product. Um
the other thing is
uh I think a lot of these cus- a lot of
these companies are interested in
retail. And no other venture capital
firm uh can say, "Hey, actually our LPs,
de facto, not technically LPs, but the
people investing in your company and who
will get the underlying exposure through
this fund are normal people, mom mom and
pop. And I think that's something that
nobody else is offering. So that's a
unique differentiator. And some people
don't like that to be fair, but other
people really really like it. And and
for those people and and I think in the
future less people will not like it
because of the uncertainty and that'll
just make it more attractive. So the the
headwinds are receding headwinds, right?
It's never going to be as difficult as
it is right now to get companies
interested in it. And I think it'll
actually get substantially easier. We
kind of went through this with IPO
access actually. So we have the largest
retail platform for access to IPOs where
we function as a selling selling group
member. And you know, we first rolled
this out slightly before our IPO. The
intent was Robinhood's IPO be a big
retail offering. And I think at the time
it was the largest for its size. It was
north of 20% retail allocation. The
other companies that um
uh that that allowed us access to their
IPOs that year, I mean they were early
adopters. They they saw the vision. Um
we also just had to like scratch and
claw and bang on a lot of doors and ask
a lot of favors, right? There was some
skepticism.
Then the IPO market shut in 2022.
Then we when we reopened, uh an
interesting thing happened. Now
everyone's coming to us and asking us
about retail strategy. Pretty much all
of the IPOing names are coming to us to
talk about retail. And um and so we saw
that shift in just a few years. I think
this will be even faster for privates. I
want to ask So okay, you mentioned the
advantages is okay, there's no carry,
there's things like that. That all
sounds nice.
I foresee a potential conflict of
interest that I'd like uh you to talk to
me about. In a traditional VC fund, it's
pretty obvious. Like the goal is to make
a lot of money, right? You like make
investments and you want them to go up.
It strikes me, and especially when
hearing the names of the companies in
RVI, it's like they're very sexy names,
right? They're the they're kind of
household names to the extent that they
exist within private companies. And Boom
and Databricks, etc. It seems to me
like, okay, the traditional VC fund,
like you're going to optimize for making
the most money, the best returns,
including names that no one has ever
heard of.
Why should I not think that Robinhood's
portfolio has been optimized for retail
awareness, not for the best returns, but
for the collection of companies that
will that will spark the most triggers
in people's heads to get them to invest
because they've heard of them and
they're sexy, and not necessarily the
best options out there in terms of
investing? Well, I mean, first of all,
we are incentivized to make this firm
uh perform well, right? We uh everyone
will see it. It's going to be highly
public. Uh the returns will just be out
there. Um
and, you know, we have a fiduciary
obligation. We've got a great fund
manager that we've hired. Uh and we're
underwriting all of these deals
extremely rigorously. Uh I think the
biggest worry that you have with things
like this is actually adverse selection.
Right? Yeah. Are you just going to get
into the deals of the companies that uh
need the money and are desperate for it?
>> Right. Right. This is what you run into
with like new things typically. Yeah.
When am I going to start looking at
>> what I think cuz I've got like I
mentioned this on another episode.
Someone was like, Joe,
uh I someone is selling some Anthropic
shares. Would this interest you? I'm not
investing in companies I cover in the
private market, so I'm not going to do
it. But like, I always have the thought
like, man, if someone's offering to sell
it to me, they must really want to get
rid
>> When when they're asking us for money to
get in
>> Joe when they're like offering the
equity to Joe, like that's like a bad
sign. I'm not I'm not saying a bad sign,
but that adverse selection of like by
the time it's getting allocated to
retail, like a bunch of people have
decided to put
part with it. We have to we have to flip
that on its head and actually all of the
deals that we've gotten into have been
competitive deals. Like we've had to
work for these allocations. You know,
I've had I have a lot of friends that
are venture capitalists yeah and I think
um
some of them like I I've been talking
about this for a while this general idea
of we want to get in and actually start
competing with you guys, you know, and
they never took me seriously, but then
we started, you know, getting
allocations in deals that they wanted
allocations in and I've started getting
calls and they've been telling me, "Hey,
this Robinhood Ventures is a real thing.
I have to contend with you now." So
uh I think we're we're very proud of the
companies that we've gotten thus far. I
think You you made the point that one of
the drawbacks is liquidity, which is
always going to be a phenomenon in
private markets. Another drawback to
this is that you don't the investor
doesn't know anything. There's no 10-Qs,
there's no earnings calls or anything
like that. And okay, you own some tiny
slice of a private company whether via a
token or whether via RVI, you don't
really know what the share count is, you
don't know like how much of they like
allocated to employees this quarter cuz
they're in they're no obligation to
think that. Are we heading towards a
world, do you think, in which the
trade-off is like, "Okay, investors can
get access to almost every thing via
some instrument but are we heading to a
world where the flip side is and they're
going to know a lot less about the
companies that they've invested in?" I
don't think so. I don't worry about
that. And and in fact, one of the
innovations that we've we're putting out
there with the launch of this offering
is private company detail pages. So,
you'll actually be able to search for
the private companies themselves in
Robinhood and see all of the
information. But they're not going to
like their like revenues, like earnings,
like all the traditional like they're
not
>> It's publicly available information what
they've chosen to share, but it's all in
one place. And you know, you you got you
got a lot of useful stuff in there. You
see the valuation history. Um
so you can see like, you know, the chart
of companies like Databricks, for
example.
Um
Yeah, and I think there's just a lot of
information out there. I mean, if you
think about uh investing in a private
company today versus a retail investor
investing in a public company say in the
'80s, I'd venture to say there's more
information. You have like App Store
analytics data for consumer products.
They're out there. A lot of these
late-stage privates are doing public
company-like disclosures and audits on a
regular basis because this isn't, you
know, these aren't
hundred-million-dollar companies. These
are, you know, some of them are in the
hundreds of billions of valuations, tens
of billions. Probably 15 years ago these
would have gone public a while ago. So
I mean, we've generally started with
household names with some exceptions
that are already established at the
frontiers of the industries.
Um and these are like the companies that
would be closest to being public. So if
you think about, you know, public
company IPO access candidate Robinhood
Ventures, Robinhood Ventures is filling
it's like gradually extending backward.
Actually, the thing I'm most excited
about if if I if I had to uh point to
something, it's eventually getting to
the earliest possible stages. Like I
think retail should be funding seed
rounds. Like the first capital in a
company should have a retail
participation.
And and I think we hear from the the
customers um
one of the concerns is well, these these
companies are fairly late-stage. Um how
do I get exposure to something that's
earlier so I can get in on the ground
floor. And and I think that's something
we're excited to dig into and and work
on. Would that be like a GoFundMe
competitor or something? Cuz there are
some good
>> Kickstarter you're thinking of. You're
thinking of something medical.
>> Well, the difference is with those
products, you don't actually get any
ownership. You're giving You're making a
donation.
>> you get early products, I guess, but
that's about it.
>> Yeah, but what they want is is
ownership. They want to invest in
something when it's at a valuation of
say 10 million.
>> Yeah. And if it gets to 10 billion,
that's a And then they'll learn that 99%
of those companies go to zero, but they
have to learn that lesson for
themselves, it sounds like.
>> Well, you know, that's where we come in,
right? And we we think that we can
uh
like we can figure out what what the
right deals are. And what what we intend
to do is offer uh great companies to
customers.
Well,
on this note, and just going back to the
ventures fund as well, I mean, one other
issue I foresee is that
you know, you see a lot of flow and
information in the market, and you can
imagine some of your competitors
potentially thinking that, you know,
maybe some of that flow would inform how
the fund is actually managed. I mean, in
some respects, like you're starting to
get a little bit investment banky, where
you have this huge flow business that
you can glean market insights from, and
then you also have managed funds. How
are you sort of hiving off those two
activities? Or how are you thinking
about how like the data and the flow
data that you see, how will that
actually inform management? Yeah, I
mean, certainly one of the advantages is
we get uh we can we know what retail
investors are interested in.
>> Yeah. And and by and large, what we try
to do is give people things they're
interested in. You know, if they're not
interested in it, it's not going to be a
successful product. So, I think that's a
big differentiator as as we think about
this product. Uh in terms of how the
fund is managed, it has a separate board
uh with with great board members uh
separate you know everything auditing
compliance. So it's like a a company
within Robinhood the management company.
>> Yeah. So there's a Chinese wall
effectively. Well, you know it
I don't
>> You get into legal questions that I
don't even know if that word is
appropriate to use anymore but I don't
>> think we're supposed to use that
anymore. So I'm sorry. But yeah, of
course you can imagine everything that
we do is
highly regulated and scrutinized by
armies of professionals. So um
Yeah, that's that's the one thing we
we're so
established at this point that we we
have to play everything by the books.
You have a relationship with Kalshi so
people can actually access Kalshi's
markets through the Robinhood platform.
When you're trying to understand who is
going to make money in prediction
markets, which is more valuable? The
liquidity pool and activity that's
emerged on Kalshi or the distribution
that you have through Robinhood and like
you know, how how do which which which
is which is the harder thing to
replicate here?
Yeah, I mean it's it's fundamentally two
different businesses right?
You can think of Kalshi in this case uh
playing a role similar to an exchange in
the equities and options markets. So
uh it's like uh
institutional business uh predominantly
although in CFTC land it's interesting
that the exchanges also have the ability
to go direct to consumer which you don't
see in in traditional equities.
And you know, it's uh it's a business
where you're matching orders.
So you're working with market makers,
you're working with professional
traders, you have retail as well. And uh
to to win there you have to have great
technology, low latency, you have to be
good about listing products, maintaining
market integrity.
Um and you know, it's it's like a
complex business.
Right? And that's why the businesses
that have gotten scale in traditional
assets are worth, you know, tens of
billions of dollars, sometimes more.
Uh we have a slightly different business
model. Uh the way to think about
Robinhood is we're a financial super
app. We should be the best place to keep
your your money and your assets.
And we're building products to make sure
more and more of your financial life,
ideally all of it, is on Robinhood. So,
if you want to trade prediction markets,
options, futures, you're an active
trader, we should get 100% of your
active trading activity and we compete
for that. We also want your retirement
account, your kids custodial accounts,
your trusts, all of your mutual funds
eventually, uh your spending activity
through our card products, your banking
through checking and savings. So, it's
it's really about how do we own um
the entire financial relationship, and
we vertically integrate where it makes
sense, where we think we have a unique
advantage, but um it's not like a
a focused, you know, exchange business.
Although, you know, I should say we
entered into an agreement uh we've
acquired uh uh a stake in
uh Rhithera, which was formerly LedgerX,
which is a a DCM. So, we do intend to
actually vertically integrate the
prediction market side of the business.
Hm.
So, one of the things we often hear in
defense of prediction markets is this
idea that like, well, actually, if
you're an institutional investor, this
could be a way to hedge some exposure
that you have. So, I don't know if
you're an airline and a huge part of
your expense account is oil, maybe you
would take a position on what's
happening in Iran or something like
that.
>> Yeah. I know that
>> you're a retail investor, Well, this was
going to be my next question. I know
that you see mostly how retail investors
are behaving, but do you see any
evidence that people are like thinking
through it that systemically versus just
like placing a bet on whatever
particular contract kind of catches
their eye? Yeah, I mean I think there's
lots of stories out there that have been
covered about people being incredibly
scientific about uh all of their
trading. And prediction markets gives
you a wide surface area to do that
under. I mean you have obviously the
sports contracts which everyone likes to
talk about, but economics, you've got a
contract on alien disclosure, which I
really That's one of my favorite ones.
Last I checked, 22% chance that there
will be alien disclosure by the US
government this year.
Um And rising, I think. Rising recently
after all the commotion.
>> some some chatter about it for sure.
Um
But yeah, I mean I think that like
there's people out there that are
studying these things in detail. They're
building models. And what what you find
is with any nascent market, before you
get like full institutional
participation,
um there's more opportunities. And I
think now we're before the point where
these opportunities are arbitrage by by
the big players. Uh I asked this
question recently to CFTC Chairman
Michael Selig, and
I think we kind of got a no answer, if
I'm being honest. So maybe I'll try it
with you. As you understand it today,
would there be any limitation legally on
Robinhood setting up a livestream of a
giant roulette wheel and having people
make futures event contracts on whether
it's red or black?
Yeah, I mean currently our policy has
been to uh
have them be backed by real events. So
we we don't want to do like
derivative We haven't done any
derivative prediction markets and
there's there's different forms of that
as well like
you have like prediction markets and
then you have a prediction market on how
this prediction market is is going to
go. So like for example Polymarket
had a uh
market where it was the coin toss at the
Super Bowl and you could bet on heads or
tails and it was trading at 50% before
the toss then it went to 100%.
>> much like gambling, right?
>> Well, like why even bother having the
Super Bowl at that point if people are
willing to like bet money on a coin
toss? Why not just have a continuous
coin toss? Why why just forget the Super
Bowl? Just have a coin tossing machine
and let people trade on it. Is there
like
is there anything actually like stopping
you from doing that?
Um I'm I'm not sure. Um
Yeah, I mean I I'd have to look into
that. We don't offer any of those
contracts. I personally, you know, I'm a
former trader probably wouldn't trade
those. I think the purpose is for uh
people trading them is is probably more
entertainment. Um
but yeah, that's not to say that all
prediction markets are like that and and
I'm not against people innovating
because that's how we discover things,
right? Like
we can
like generally speaking, I'm in favor of
people trying new things and seeing what
happens as long as nobody's getting hurt
and you know, market integrity and and
investor protection and all of that is
being upheld.
Just on the relationship with Kalshi,
like if you want if someone is going to
be you want to be the one-stop shop for
all money, presumably they're you know,
Polymarket is going to build out its US
version. I don't know exactly what state
is that there's but other competitors.
Is that going to be an exclusive thing
or will you all is the goal so that a
user of Robinhood can trade predictions
on any platform? Yeah, so even currently
our our relationship we we connect to
multiple prediction market back-end
exchanges. Kalshi obviously
is is the larger because they have the
the vibrant sports contracts. Uh and and
they've been moving fast. We also have
Forecast X, which is the prediction
markets subsidiary of Interactive
Brokers.
And as I mentioned before, we've got uh
we've got Roth era, which is which is
ours. And also we're continuing to talk
to these guys. Everyone's interested in
you know, having access to Robinhood
customers, sending our orders there. I
think the way this plays out is similar
to our other asset classes where we
prioritize for where the customer is
going to get the best execution and also
contract variety.
And uh we'll send our orders there. And
I think where this ends up is you'll
have lots and lots of destinations.
You'll have smart order routing. And the
contracts I think will be increasingly
fungible. So at some point there's going
to be a way to uh cross books and
actually offload risk and you know,
you'll have the
uh election contract here and election
contract there. And and there'll be a
layer where you can actually like
even though there's technically on
different exchanges, exchange one for
the other.
I mean, say more about this cuz this was
actually going to be my next question.
But when you when you think about what
makes a good prediction market? The
complaint that we often hear is, well,
there's just not enough size. There's
not enough liquidity in the contract. So
I imagine a big component of who you're
partnering with is just like the largest
platform that's out there, like a
Kalshi.
But can you describe like actually what
you think makes a good prediction market
for investors? Like what are the pros
and cons of each one? Yeah, I mean, I
think volume and liquidity and contract
selection are are the big things.
Contract selection, customers want
selection. They want variety, they want
to be able to explore. Um, and both
traders value this because they can
trade more things, but also the casual
use case of just looking at the markets
and figuring out what the odds of of
events are. Um, liquidity, obviously,
improves things. It improves the prices
and also improves, uh, the odds of
getting filled if if you bring in an
order with size. Um,
and, uh,
yeah, I mean I I I think those are
basically the the main things. I
mentioned at the beginning
>> Cost, transaction costs.
>> Yeah. It's very easy with prediction
markets to replicate things that we
don't think of as event contracts. So,
you can like recreate a line that looks
like equity or futures on a prediction
market. You could, you know, you could
have
>> And I'm curious like And I think some of
those products are very useful.
>> Yeah, was good That's exactly what I was
going to ask. Do you see a era a point
where particularly from the perspective
of a trader where essentially the
exchange itself can be disrupted or sort
of Napsterized or something like that
because they have the instruments to get
the price exposure that they want
without having to interact with the
traditional equity, equity layer?
Um,
I think it's different, you know, I
think that uh, there's obviously equity
exposure is extremely
low-cost right now.
>> Yeah. Uh,
in large part due to our efforts in the
space, but if you want to buy an equity,
um,
I mean, it's just never been cheaper.
>> Right. Right. Our our our all-in
monetization on equities business is
like two basis points.
Um,
so,
I don't really think it's competitive
with that product. The other thing is
you have leverage,
which again, Robinhood for our active
traders, great margin rates. I mean, the
the I think the most competitive margin
rates in the industry, at least that I'm
aware of.
Will you provide leverage to prediction
market traders? Right now, leverage is
not permissible in prediction markets,
but that's something a lot of people are
talking about and actually about.
>> Um
well, it's
I guess we're working on it to some
degree, which is just driving towards
clarity. But since that would have to be
an exchange product, the exchanges would
actually have to have to get clarity.
Um
but I think it's coming. Look, I mean, I
don't think
you can you can imagine the market still
in its infancy, so you'll you'll get all
of these things introduced. Um and when
you look at the options markets for
traders, the leverage is actually
a very attractive element of it, being
able to, you know, put put in a
relatively small amount of money and get
large exposure.
>> Yeah. So, I think there's a lot that
prediction markets
there's a lot there's a lot of growth
and a lot of evolution that's needed
before it becomes like a full
institutional grade asset, but it's
underway and we should assume that it's
it's going to happen and it's going to
happen quickly. And I think there's all
sorts of
we view this and we have early insight
because we're actually, I think,
the only one of the only places where
you can have all these assets in one
place. We don't see any cannibalization.
We traders love it and I think we see an
opportunity in combining
um
all of these assets into one cohesive
picture. For example, you can imagine
you have a particular equity. In that
equity detail page, say it's a Tesla or
another company, you see prediction
markets related to that company. And
then that gives you a comprehensive view
and you can trade very specific things.
Uh we think there's a big opportunity in
earnings as well. A lot of people have
thoughts on how companies are going to
do with earnings. They have models.
Stock price is an imperfect proxy for
that. Um so, you know, the EPS and
revenue contracts directly would be
would be very attractive. And right now
that's in a little bit of a limbo
because it meets the um it meets the the
criteria of a security based swap, which
would be an SEC product, right?
So, uh harmonization is needed to to
clear the path for listing products like
that, which we're working with the the
regulators and collaborating to try to
figure out. But, um
yeah, it's it's it's exciting from like
a market maker standpoint because we're
in the early innings and and you can
kind of see the future of how it's going
to evolve. It's going to be a much
bigger asset class, much more
institutional. It's it's never uh
yeah, and and it's evolved similar I
think it'll evolve similarly but more
quickly to other asset classes that have
come in in the past.
Um just going back to tokenized stocks
for a second, does um
does consent matter at all?
That sounded more like Epstein-ish than
I
>> [laughter]
>> intended it to sound like. But like if
an Open AI comes out and says like we
have some reservations about this, we
have some concerns. Would that give you
pause for providing a token in that
particular
company? And then also I'm thinking
about, you know, your role in the market
is expanding as you start these new
venture funds and things like that. You
might not want to annoy a bunch of
private companies at this stage. So, how
are you balancing those considerations?
Yeah, the these are all considerations
that we're thinking through. Uh
obviously right now the policy that we
have is we'd like to get the consent of
the companies. We want them to be on
board. Um
I think that if if you think about it
from um Now now here's the nuance.
Let's say you're an accredited
high net worth individual. There are
ways to get exposure to these companies
without the company
consenting, right?
>> Right. They just don't care, but but
legally you have a mech- you could
become uh
uh LP in an in an SPV that exists. Uh so
there there's these ways where companies
have already lost control of who their
shareholder base is. And not to mention
when they go public,
you're completely you've completely lost
control of your shareholder base.
So, um
I think since it's early, um
o- obviously our approach is we want to
make sure everything is
uh we we don't want anyone saying they
don't want to have they don't want
Robinhood Ventures invest in their
company and throwing ice water over it.
Not to say that that's going to be the
policy forever, but that's kind of the
that that's the approach we're we're
taking now. Um I'm mindful of the time,
so I just want to ask real quickly, do
you want to just drop your new card on
the table? I know you have
So, you have We can just I don't we
don't need to do a big like ad for like
all the great fe- People can look that
up, but you have this new platform
platinum card.
>> Wait, is this really bad opsec if he's
like dropping his credit card on No,
it's We want to hear how it sounds.
>> It's very This is the most secure credit
card on the market. Your number is not
on it.
>> Oh. All right.
Oh. That is legit.
>> Would you like to hold it?
>> I would. I Yes. So, This is nice. This
is really nice. So, heaviest card on the
market, beats out the Robinhood gold
card.
>> Actually, drop the gold card now. Let's
hear the difference.
Uh very different. No one wants that
puny gold. Here Here's the Here's the
platinum drop again. Hey, let me drop
the platinum one again. So, let me tell
you uh I can tell you the thesis behind
this card, if if it makes sense. Um
uh we want this to be like the James
Bond card.
>> Yeah, you know, it feels nice.
>> If you are James Bond,
uh
this is the card for you. If James Bond,
Sean Connery himself, were to have a
credit card, he would have this card.
And I think we
tried to evoke that feeling, not just in
the design of the card, but if you you
look at the website, we have a scuba
diver. We have like these nice planes,
um
so
yeah, we we really tried to think
>> pay If I pull that out, my friends won't
make fun of me.
No, I won't. You would judge me well. If
you pull that out
>> I really like it.
>> Well, actually, it's got 5% dining
credit. That's probably That's That's
like uh nobody offers that with a high
limit. So, it's actually intended for
you to treat your friends
>> Okay. and take it out at a big dinner
table.
>> They're not going to make fun of me when
I'm paying for dinner. And And then what
we found was with the gold card, a lot
of people A lot of people don't really
use physical cards anymore. It's Apple
Pay. But, the moments when you use your
physical card, it's less of a payment
instrument. It's more like a statement.
>> Let me show you my watch, right? It's
It's a It's a fashion accessory. It's a
luxury good. And I don't know if the
credit card industry is really has
really evolved to the same degree
iPhone. You know, you have the orange
iPhones now. It's It's a fashion
accessory, less of a utilitarian good.
And I I think physical card the same
way. It used to be that people wanted
physical cards that were as light as
possible
>> Yeah. because it served a utilitarian
purpose. You want to keep it in your
wallet. You want your wallet to be light
so that you're not hunched over.
Now, I think it's a little bit
different. It's an extension of your
personality. So,
I'm a big fan of physicality in everyday
products. Like, remember the the cube,
the tungsten cube?
>> oh, yeah, I have one. I have one. Like,
that was a direct response to like the
ephemerality, ephemeralness
>> yeah. of crypto, right? Like, you want
something that's tangible and like feels
heavy in your hand.
>> I keep telling uh Deepak that a tungsten
card for crypto people would be cool.
>> Yeah, get on that.
>> Oh, you should do that. Yeah. Uh Vlad
not a bad idea. Vlad Tenev, thank you so
much for coming back on Odd Lots. Great
chatting with you.
>> Yeah, always a pleasure. Thank you guys.
Trish, I love catching up with Vlad. I
mean, he Robinhood is a company that is
like so far ahead of the curve in
basically everything that's happened
with like the retailization of every
market, the complete breaking down of
every distinction between what's a
stock, what's a future, what's a token,
etc. Like they're right in the middle of
all of that. Absolutely. And also,
there's a reflexivity here, right?
Because the bigger Robinhood gets, the
more its offerings kind of matter for
the way the market itself behaves. So, I
think it's definitely a worthwhile
discussion. I got to say though, like
the the
financialization of everything, I do
find a little bit dystopian. I remember
like I went to Macau once and
I was really looking forward to it cuz I
was thinking, you know, the Las Vegas of
the East. Um but a lot of the gambling I
found like pretty depressing because
some of it was as basic as like let's
roll the dice and if it's a high number,
you win and if it's a low number, you
lose and taking like those kind of very
simplistic binary bets. And I feel like
I feel like a lot of that is sort of
creeping into the financial system.
Yeah, I mean look
>> daily lives.
>> People bet on the coin flip of the Super
Bowl.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> Why even have the Super Bowl at that
point? If people are they're just
betting on a coin flip, the Super Bowl
is kind of an irrelevancy or if people
are inclined to bet on the coin flip, I
don't know if like people will bet on a
coin flip but it's not like that much
it's basically the same thing as like
betting on red or black red or black,
which people do which people do online
which is really depressing. Actually,
the most depressing thing I've ever seen
on the gambling front
was um I was in Iceland
and I think they have this
>> I do not think of Iceland as like a hub
of gambling but go on. Like I was
looking for stuff to watch on TV in my
hotel room and they had a stream or they
had a video of like this like video
casino where they had like an attractive
woman dealer dealing cards and then
people could phone in their bets. Oh
wow.
>> recreate the recreate kind of this
casino-ish thing. But like it seems like
that's where we're going. And then the
other thing too is that as I mentioned
like
whether it's like technological
arbitrage or regulatory arbitrage, every
type of bet can be turned into done with
any type of instrument. You can
replicate stock and options with
futures. You can do sports betting in
the form of um in the form of prediction
markets. You can then take prediction
markets and we've already seen this. You
can take prediction markets and bundle
them into ETFs. And so you could have
buy an ETF that is a series of long
Democrat in the Senate markets etc. And
so everything can be wrapped in every
other sort of wrapper and everything is
just sort of seemingly once you find the
right wrapper kind of allowed within our
current sort of like regulatory
framework. And honestly, even if it's
not allowed, you do it offshore with
crypto etc. And so there's almost no way
to sort of stop this stop this
progression. But the other thing I've
been thinking of is you know, we used to
hear of markets described as you know,
there there were upsides to capitalism,
right? Like you're supposed to be
efficiently allocating money to
companies.
Of course. But like that used to be the
thing, right? And now you see more and
more money that's kind of being diverted
away from like well, this is just going
to fund a company. Well, we're just
going to bet on the line in the company
going up or you know, some other real
world outcome or whatever. It feel
Here's what it is.
We were talking about this the other
day, but like it actually feels like if
you think about the 1980s, you had that
greed is good [__] right? And even that
was controversial. And now you fast
forward to 2026 and it feels like
morality doesn't even like necessarily
enter into it. Everyone is just like so
resigned to this idea that like well, of
course people are going to try to make
money. Of course we're going to just bet
on random things to try to win. Everyone
just accepts that like securing the bag
is is the uh thing.
>> The one other thing I do worry about is
like I think American capital markets
are good in part because we really do
have excellent disclosure. And um you
know, from time to time you hear about a
like an accounting scandal but they're
rare. Like and they're a lot rarer. I
think anyone who looks in any other
market around the world would find them
way more frequent.
>> Mhm. And uh market manipulation would
find it way more frequent in other
markets outside the US because we have
this very good regulatory regime and
expectations and the SEC mostly does its
job very well. And which's going to
increasingly sort of like be taken over
by tradeable instruments which investors
really do not have the same level of
information at all and the expectation
that an investor would like be able to
know the share count of a thing they're
buying or would be able to know the
earnings or the margins of a thing
they're buying. Like that's going away
and we might regret like having so much
uh traded without as much transparency
at some point down the line.
>> No, absolutely. Actually, this is a good
reminder. I wanted to call back to two
episodes. So on that note, we did that
really good episode about private credit
in particular kind of turning the
economy into a black hole.
>> Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right.
I think that's really good. You know,
obviously it's focused on credit but you
can extrapolate to more and more
companies just going private in general.
And then secondly, Vlad mentioned he's
really into aliens. Oh, yeah. We got to
get Paul Krugman back on To talk about
[laughter] aliens. to talk about aliens.
But in the meantime, there is an
existing episode that people should
check out. Anyway, shall we leave it
there? Let's leave it there. Okay. This
has been another episode of the Odd Lots
podcast. I'm Tracy Alloway. You can
follow me at Tracy Alloway. And I'm Joe
Weisenthal. You can follow me at The
Stalwart. Follow our guest Vlad Tenev.
He's at Vlad Tenev. Follow our producers
Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen Arman, Dash
Bennett at Dash Bot, and Kilburgs at
Kilburgs. And for more Odd Lots content,
you should definitely check out our
daily newsletter. You can find that at
bloomberg.com/odd
lots. And you can chat about all of
these topics 24/7 in our Discord,
discord.gg/odd
lots. And if you enjoyed this
conversation, then please leave a
comment or like the video or better yet,
subscribe. Thanks for watching.
>> [singing and music]